if you're just getting started with
Windows learning how to navigate the
desktop is a great way to start let's
take a look at the desktop which is the
screen you see here it includes a
desktop background also known as your
wallpaper and the taskbar at the bottom
of the screen the taskbar is real you'll
find shortcuts to some of the
applications on your computer as well as
the start button you can click the start
button to open the Start menu here you
can see a list of applications you can
click an application to open it you can
also find shortcuts to your settings
documents and more the taskbar is also
where you'll find the file explorer it
allows you to view and open files and
folders for now I'm going to close the
window by clicking the X let's check out
more features on the desktop the desktop
is the main workspace for your computer
to open a program file or folder just
double click the icon each time you open
something it will appear in a new window
you have the ability to move windows by
clicking and dragging the top of the
window when you're done just release the
mouse if you have more than one window
open at a time you can quickly switch
between them by clicking the one you
want or you can click the icon for it on
the taskbar you can also maximize it so
it fills the entire screen just click
the square near the top right corner
click it again to return the window to
its original size when you're finished
closing the windows is easy just click
the X if you want to quickly search the
file settings or applications on your
computer you can use the search feature
just click the search bar and start
typing and it will show a list of
results now you know the basics of
getting around the Windows desktop
GCF global creating opportunities for a
better life